all right let's take you to Beirut where
Sam hamdan is giving a press conference
let's listen in senior member of Hamas
the Nazi
bombardment and medical and ambulance
and civil defense staff are denied
access to these Trad people in a series
in a series of war crimes before the
eyes of the entire world this these new
Nazis over the past
22 hours they have committed heinous
crimes using American ammunition and
weapons by which entire families have
been
annihilated all of them are displaced
and civilian people such massacres were
committed in B lahia Al magazi Al brige
and canun across all the Gaza Strip from
from the north to the South and through
such massacres 300 people have been
killed and 400 were injured while
committing these
crimes they commit them with purpose and
deliberate crimes such a crimes are not
limited to the criminal political and
military leaders but but it goes beyond
these leaders to
include
soldiers on the ground and this is and
this is a soldier on the ground who
confesses to killing a 12 year old girl
and he says that he's looking for an
infant to kill and this is the
soldier no maybe i k a girl she was 12
but looking for a
baby
the world has believed lies perpetrated
and
propaganda propagated by the occupation
on the 7th of October when they
untruthfully claimed that children have
been beheaded and women have been raped
and despite the fact that the world has
called such
lies however they never
stand uh again before a crime committed
by the leaders of this entity and their
soldiers on equal
part the occupation has kidnapped and
stolen 80 dead bodies of Martyrs who
have been killed from various areas in
the Gaza
Strip after they have exhumed Graves and
dead
bodies and they have stolen body parts
of the killed people and the Red
Cross the the Red Cross has transported
these dead bodies without making any
statement as if nothing has happened we
call upon the Red Cross to make clear
clarification how could they receive
such dead bodies without any information
about the identity of these dead bodies
how were they killed and what happened
to them as if the Red Cross seems to be
AB bitting in this crime this heinous
crime calls for an international
condemnation criminalizing such act and
to and we are calling for um immediate
investigation to hold its perpetrators
accountable this leads me to talk about
another important point which is
starvation until death in the northern
part of Gaza and here I'm talking
literally with the scarcity of
material and it's access to Gaza
including food items and medical
supplies what is happening in the
Northern parts of Gaza is truly a
humanitarian catastrophe as our people
there are facing starvation which
started to
ensue this matter
has now reach to a stage where many
people are dying because of starvation
including women children and elderly
citizens also the acute shortage of food
items and Medicine had started the
spread of skin diseases and respiratory
issues
among the healthy fragile groups
including young
children in the northern part of Gaza
those who hav been killed by bombard
bombardment are dying because of
trans starvation and bleeding to death
such a fact requires an immediate and
Urgent action on the part of the free of
the world Arab Nations and Muslim
nations Al with Al as well as
International organizations to deliver
Aid food items and medical supplies to
Gaza the entire Gaza Strip is
now um so is considered um disaster Zone
and many lives are being grieved by
these
conditions on the
ground our
brave resistance is managing this epic
battle defending our people in Gaza and
taking revenge for the blood of those
who have been killed by the Israelis and
in support of the of Jerusalem and Al
aam mosque as for the Nazi
occupation the three
leaders Netanyahu ganet and
Galant this trial and for three months
they had been marketing the
transition across
faces propagating the delusion that they
are achieving a victory that doesn't
exist and they are accumulating a
failure after failure with the
announcement of every new phase they
announce and this trial of
evil are unable to announce going
through the next stage because they know
is consequences this this aggression
have written the fate of their political
leadership and they have written the
last pages of their continued existence
on the land of Palestine Netanyahu and
his criminal government were re only
failure and the victory that they are
dreaming of and the elimination of Hamas
that they dream of is M dreams and it's
a marriage that would disappear before
the steadfastness of our people and the
brave um resistance the the criminal
leaders of the occupation will not see
their captives alive except with a
complete and full seed of aggression
activities against our people through
negotiations that is aligned with our
people's interest I repeat the leaders
of the criminal occupation will never
see their captives alive without a
complete and full cease of the
aggression against our people in Gaza
through negotiations that is aligned
with the interest of our people and if
Nyah who claims to liberate their
captives through military pressure we
ask him the question question have you
liberated or freed any captive without
submitting to the conditions of the
resistance we would like to say to the
families with whom he met recently we
tell you that Netanyahu is lying to you
with military action your sons and
daughters will return dead in caskets or
might not return at all
however respond to the opportunities we
offer by offered by the resistance there
they will stand a chance of going back
home alive
despite the aggression in Gaza seems to
be um systematic and extends Beyond Gaza
to include the West Bank through
arbitrary killings and
assassinations with barbaric invasions
and incursions destroying infrastructure
and targeting the popular base of the
resistance and protecting those
extremists who continue their
desecration of the Holy
mosque since the 7th of October
33 people in in the West Bank have been
killed and more than 3,000 have been
injured and more than 5,000 have been
arrested in the West Bank since such
aggression has has started and this
enemy continues to practice their
aggression against our sacred size and
denies our people's access to the holy
mosque these Crimes of the occupation is
a continuation of this Nazi government's
plots and
plans for for continuing or existing
since many years in the West Bank and
Gaza and Jerusalem they will never break
break our steadfastness of our people
and will never impose a de facto
situation in the West Bank or in the AA
MOS no matter how hard the aggression is
we call upon the our people and
our our revolting youth to escalate all
sorts of struggle and
standing standing in the face of the
occupation's aggression and engage Eng
with them by all means and we call upon
people to March towards ala mosque
tomorrow Friday and here we call upon
Personnel of security apparatus in the
West Bank to break the shackles and to
direct their rifles against against the
soldiers of the occupation and join
their brothers of resistance in the West
Bank defending the people the land and
the sacred
sites with regards to political
initiatives and proposals that are under
discussion we would like to confirm the
following that um Hamas is open to any
proposals or initiatives that would lead
to a complete ceasefire against our
people in Gaza our people we don't want
a part
shall ceasefire but rather a complete
ceasefire and would like to confirm that
the management and administration of the
Palestinian people is a Palestinian
National Domestic matter to be decided
by the Palestinian people themselves and
we don't want the leadership of our
people to come on American or Israeli
tanks our people they want National
leadership that would carry The
Liberation
Quest and the resistance aims aims to
achieve its National aims including
armed
resistance we would like
to appreciate the statements made by the
Russian foreign minister Sergey lavro in
which he expressed the need to alleviate
the oppression the Palestinian people
have been suffering for Generations this
confirms the need for an international
will to uplift oppression on our people
and enable our people to establish their
independent state with Jerusalem as its
capital and the return of refugees to
their
Homeland we would like also to confirm
that the Biden Administration is truly
leading this aggressive
War being partner
with this um occupation in their crimes
in blatant violation of all
International conventions and laws the
American Administration is fully
responsible for all these innocent souls
and lives that have been
taken although they pretend pretend to
be careful about the lives of
civilians the continued attack by all
the leadership of the
occupation and their attack on the
United Nation
organizations because because of the
resolutions undertaken that condemn the
crimes of the occupation this occupation
regard thems as above everyone and above
the international law and here we ask
the question that everyone needs to
answer until when until when this entity
continues to enjoy
impunity it has become imperative that
more strict positions and stances be
need to be undertaken against this
government that regard themselves above
accountability and here I would like to
point out that the propaganda and
misleading campaigns as to the as the
statements of our our
leadership
that our opponents are perpetrating
perpetrating through media particular
media will not be successful in smearing
our
principles and our
steadfastness we we call upon forming an
international front that brings together
all countries are denouncing the actions
of the occupation in Gaza to exert
pressure on the American Administration
to call for an immediate ceasefire and
opening all corridors allowing access to
all sorts of Aid including fuel gas uh
food items and medical supplies to all
parts of Gaza without exception and to
deny the American administration of
exercising their veto right
finally I would like to call upon the
peoples of our Arab Muslim and the free
of the world to intensify their
movements especially tomorrow Friday and
Saturday and
Sunday coinciding with the new year with
the Advent of 2024 to stand in
solidarity with Gaza and
Palestine and the final few days of this
year should become an international
humanitarian
shout demanding an immediate seize fire
and the genocide committed against our
people in Gaza and to condemn the
support of the Biden Administration to
this Nazi occupation and its full
partnership in their crimes glory to our
Fighters and we pray for soon recovery
of our injured and freedom them to our
prisoners our Fighters it is a Jihad
Victory or martyrdom and thank
you they'll never break the
steadfastness of our nation the words
there ofama hamdan senior member of
Hamas he went on to address Israeli
saying they'll never see their captives
alive without a complete cessation of
attacks on Gaza
he addressed the Israeli Prime Minister
saying the victory Netanyahu is dreaming
of concerning a victory and elimination
of Hamas is just a mere dream